Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season
Al: My name is tired owl
Kevin: My name is tired Kevin too
Al: And we are here to talk about tired cottageour games
Kevin: Relation no boy are we are we I don't know actually there's a lot of great cottage at least one stuff that's height but we're tired so
Kevin: You know
Al: So this episode I'm gonna rant about game game key cards at the end but not in the way
Kevin: I guess
Al: that you might think and I don't know I don't know I'm gonna be a shell I'm not actually
Kevin: No, I think it's exactly in the way people think
Kevin: You
Al: but I do I will talk a bit later I I don't jump on the we hate game cards bandwagon.
Kevin: Did you see BJ's story? Well, we'll get to there, but good sense
Al: I did.
Al: Look, look, look, look, I'm not here to defend everything that Nintendo does.
Al: That's not what I'm here to do.
Al: I'm here to specifically.
Kevin: That's what I'm here to do
Al: I'm here specifically to say that people are over the top of a game key cards and we'll talk
Al: about that later.
Kevin: Well, okay fine. I'm okay
Al: There was one guy I saw commenting on one of the posts about Pocopia where he said,
Al: "I only ever buy digital, but if a game is released with a game key card,
Al: and digitally."
Al: And I'm like, wow, okay.
Kevin: hahahaha oh that's mmm yeah that is there's layers to that level hatred I like that
Al: I mean, what a, that's next level boycotting.
Al: Anyway, we'll get to that when we get to that.
Kevin: hahahaha
Al: Before that, we have a bunch of news, but first of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin: Digimon most of it at the finish line, but who cares shut up? I got news of my own rainbow road radio
Kevin: It's the malaia movie. It happened. Did you see it? Did you see the trailer? I need to talk about the trailer
Al: Where's I saw the trailer, what are you, what do you, what do you take me for, a fake farm?
Kevin: Yeah, I'm saying it to I'm talking to the listener really
Kevin: Okay, yeah, I'm today. Here's my Mario corner because you know remember what's on the hiatus question work
Kevin: Anyways, um, dang that movie looks good. Holy moly. Um, I
Kevin: See anime
Kevin: Okay, you and I are both enjoyed the first one
Kevin: And it looks like they're doing a lot of the same things that were done right the new cast there are the two members that were announced a plus
Al: Hmm. First of all, so the guy who's doing Bowser Jr. can't
Kevin: I
Kevin: Yeah, I
Al: member his name, Benny something wasn't?
Kevin: Let me look at it because I was about to say I don't remember it. Maybe they're
Kevin: Let's see it is
Kevin: Benny's saffti
Al: Benny Safti, right?
Al: I
Al: Honestly when I saw the trailer cuz the show does the trailer before they told us who was doing it
Al: Legitimately thought it was just
Kevin: Jack Black it's it is incredible. It's incredible how how dead on that is
Al: Jack Black with a voice filter on it's so sounded like Jack like a squeaky Jack black video voice
Kevin: Which is yeah
Al: Okay, Google, see when I type in Bowser Jr. Ben.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Why am I getting Bowser Jr. Ben Shapiro?
Al: What is happening?
Kevin: What I
Kevin: Mmm, that's deep floor. I don't know if I know that but so yeah, I look it's the movie looks good the voice is great and and
Kevin: Really, you know what no this is appropriate because it was me and you specifically out on the rainbow road radio where we
Kevin: Manifested Brie Larson and entering the the the the new MC of the Marvio cinematic universe
Kevin: I'm I'm so thrilled for her. She's probably thrilled to bits to be Rosalina because that's a boss character to be and holy
Al: I can't remember, I can't remember if we made that prediction whether it would be Rosalina or just we were just in general saying it'd be great for it to be in it.
Kevin: No, we were actually a live-action casting and we threw Brie in for peace. Yeah
Al: Oh live action, oh live action be peach right makes sense yeah okay fair enough fair enough this works this works.
Kevin: Yeah, but yeah, she yeah, Brie Larson known Nintendo fan
Kevin: Look if I can breathe if you listen this somehow on the internet ether and you want to join an episode of our
Kevin: I'll learn how to edit. I'll get that up and running. We'll do it. Just just hit me up
Al: I mean, I just like the implication that you listen to this podcast, you know, that's enough
Kevin: Mmm, you never know. Look there was a non-zero chance. She's listened to an episode of rainbow road radio. I'm just saying
Al: It's near zero.
Kevin: Near zero, but not zero
Al: Sure, sure. Technically, it's non-zero.
Kevin: She's she sounds great as Rosalina Rosalina looks great they have her smash moves set in the trailer
Kevin: She does some of her smash moves
Kevin: Which is so cool. Uh, they're they're they're
Kevin: pretty solid with their references and whatnot. What one minor thing? So, you know, obviously Bowser Jr. with the painting, that's well established, but we get Bowser senior painting and that that's a fun little thing I think, you know, we see the through line there like father like son, but yeah, looks great. What's interesting is we got that, I forget the name of it, the desert Mexico world from Odyssey, we see it in the trailer.
Kevin: because there's the upside down period up here.
Al: Hmm. Yeah. I hadn't noticed that, but yeah.
Kevin: I mean, this is the opportunity where every little world is going to be a Mario reference of some kind.
Kevin: So.
Al: - Yeah, so I'm intrigued as to what are they doing here, right?
Al: Because we've got Bowser Jr.
Al: And we've clearly got his story from Sunshine, right?
Al: Like you see him with the paintbrush.
Al: He, you know, they're doing his origin story, if you will.
Al: But we've also got, as you say, some things from Odyssey.
Al: And we've obviously got Rosalina, you know,
Al: from Galaxy and it's called Galaxy.
Al: So like, why did you...
Al: This is a feel like they've got multiple films that are smooshing together here.
Kevin: Well, I mean, I think it's probably the right play because you know, it's not like
Kevin: Mari there's a plot I associate with every game or whatever
Kevin: It's just more the setting the vibes as the kid would say right so you know
Kevin: Taking bits here and they're just putting together into a little journey film. I think it works
Kevin: I'm okay with that
Al: Well, yeah, I mean, I'm not gonna judge it until we see it. I'm just fascinated as to what they're what they're doing here. Like these, it's not like these stories have like a through line between them, right?
Al: Um, so it's, you know, and it's not like it's gonna be, uh, you know, an anthology or anything. Um, I think you probably could take any of the games and their stories and flesh them out to be a film.
Al: And so, Mike, are they just like...
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know.
Al: I don't know. Like, what's happening?
Al: I'm fascinated. Like, I don't understand how they're going to end up going into space,
Al: but also going to, you know, Mexico.
Al: Like, I don't, what plot brings them to both those places.
Kevin: like it's it's the it's the woods
Kevin: It's the the stars are just falling the star we're shooting some look Bowser Jr. We're here. Let's go there. That's it. That's it. That's fine
Al: I just, like, it feels like the going to multiple different places is a story, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Where you're like, "Oh, we're, we're, we're searching for something."
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: But I don't think that takes you to places on Earth and also going into space.
Kevin: Well, the desert world is gonna be it's on the world. It's it's not gonna be
Kevin: on earth or Mario or through it or I know was but I think they're gonna take
Al: So it's not so it's not the Odyssey level then because that was like.
Kevin: liberty and just put it in some planet. That's what I think. That's what I would
Al: I guess maybe you could yeah maybe I'm just look I just we I want I feel like if they're gonna do the sunshine story you got to do the sunshine story and get Mario arrested
Kevin: that's it's it's literally
Kevin: Oh, oh, you know what? That is an excellent point. That's an excellent counterpoint.
Al: Like sunshine you say like there's not a big a clear story in each of the games I agree with you but sunshine is the most story they have
Kevin: You're right. He gets arrested. You have the big climactic fight with the robot. And that was
Kevin: your junior, the shadow mark. You're super right. That's sometimes it would be the one to
Kevin: turn into a film like that. Well, that is insane.
Al: So it looks like they're taking the story of sunshine and throwing it into Mario Galaxy instead and I'm not saying I'm not saying that can't work. I'm just
Kevin: they could still do it later because they don't have shadow Mario, right? Like, you know, I could play
Kevin: on that later. Yeah. Well, look, Bowser Junior has had the paintbrush way longer than sunshine at
Al: Well, you don't I mean you don't know that like that was the whole point of the paintbrush
Kevin: this point. So it's it's fine. Yeah, it is. Yeah, everything is when he was first there. Um, yeah.
Al: Well, that was when it was first there.
Al: So like, I'm not, I just like, what do you do with the paint brush to start off with if it's not shadow my
Kevin: he just he just has or or okay yeah putting my real Mario hat on
Kevin: it's it's the segue to the e-gad the little Luigi's Mansion movie yeah there he
Al: Yeah, but you're still going to do something with the paintbrush, right?
Kevin: I don't think he's gonna be in it
Al: I'd be surprised if Shadow Mario wasn't in there.
Kevin: the Bowser Junior has his already the show he gets a little like painted
Kevin: shadowy form already, they're not going to show you.
Kevin: It's fine.
Al: We'll see. We'll see.
Kevin: Okay, just a couple other quick notes.
Kevin: One, okay, spoiler for people who didn't know or didn't
Kevin: watch the post credit scene from the first movie.
Al: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Yo, she's in this film, but was noticeably
Kevin: not in this trailer.
Al: Yeah, that's interesting. Is that like I wonder what the deal is with that is that just like he's gonna
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Like are they gonna find cuz because like he was his egg was in the sewers of New York on earth
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: He wasn't in and maybe it maybe this is just our like oh
Al: That egg got there through the pipe and
Al: They're actually all in the mushroom kingdom or something weird like that.
Al: I just like what's what's going to be the link there? Why that?
Kevin: knows maybe one one I don't know I'm I'm curious myself yeah I don't know
Kevin: that's a good question because you know we didn't see any regular New York
Kevin: or or whatever in the movie or in the trailer excuse me so I don't know
Kevin: that's a good question we'll see I mean we don't have any Yoshi it also
Kevin: we'll see but they do yeah but I managed that hard to go back and forth
Al: Yeah, well and and and Mario and Luigi live in the mushroom kingdom now after the first film
Al: I just I just suspect it's gonna be hand-waved away
Kevin: oh yeah absolutely that of course that's the look I enjoyed the Mario
Kevin: movie I I'm not I still don't expect to be any high-level cinema or you
Kevin: know deep themes or whatever I expect everything to just get a hand wave
Kevin: the way
Kevin: did you have you seen the Yoshi render though because that's out there
Kevin: uh okay I love of it because it's my favorite form of spoilers and that's the
Kevin: merchandise spoiler when yeah yeah it's it's specifically it's uh
Al: Oh, that was the that was the marriage by the way. Okay. I saw I saw you post about the marriage by the bed and actually click on it
Kevin: Pillsbury Yoshi egg pattern cookie dough cookies
Kevin: yeah with the render of Yoshi on
Kevin: um oh I love those stupid merch spoilers and leaks um anyways
Al: Some of them are so silly as well. Like the one the one that is the most ridiculous was the
Al: The Captain America brave new world red Hulk spoiler
Kevin: Yeah, wait, which one?
Al: Because that was that was a McDonald's toy like
Kevin: Oh, yeah. Yeah, and I was used before.
Al: Like six months six months before the film came out
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I forgot about that.
Al: Because yeah, we got right no
Al: It might be in a year or so because I was delayed by quite a long time
Al: And I know that they did have they did have Red Hulk in one of the trailers
Kevin: Yeah, almost a year.
Al: but I'm pretty sure that it was way before that that we spoiled in the
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, they spoiled everything.
Al: McDonald's League
Kevin: yeah red hope uh the new falcon and uh
Kevin: all sorts of stuff yeah all that was a good one oh yeah I think Mario
Kevin: movie got spilled to actually the first one because we've got the
Kevin: leaders something the mark I believe I've I remember the Mario movie toys came
Kevin: out before the movie yeah well okay this is now okay I have two questions
Al: Oh wait, I have seen this, I have seen this, this image. No, I did, I did click. He looks fine.
Kevin: remaining one is yeah I know I agree he looks fine he looks like what I expect
Al: Yeah, he looks like Yoshi. I don't know what to say.
Kevin: sent Yoshi in the movie to look like
Kevin: yeah shocker
Kevin: one is he going to talk or is it gonna be Yoshi noises I'm leaning towards the
Kevin: ladder because that's another excuse to throw a big name in there
Al: What do I think is gonna happen
Al: or what do I want to happen?
Kevin: do you either or tell me both I guess
Al: - I honestly don't know either way
Al: which way they would go with it
Al: because they've made some great decisions
Al: and they've made some bizarre decisions.
Al: You don't know, Chris Pratt.
Kevin: no that wasn't a bizarre decision it was a not a not well like to see
Kevin: but I it makes sense to me why did
Al: You remember when he did that thing
Al: like before any of the trailers came out?
Al: He was like, oh, I've been working on my Mario voice
Al: and then he does a voice that's just his voice.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: And then everybody was like, does he think,
Al: is this a bit or does he think he's doing
Kevin: Yeah, I
Al: a different voice than normal?
Kevin: Think one of my favorite parts of the whole Chris Pratt thing was the picture they used when they announced it you know like the black
Al: - Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the head shot.
Kevin: Oh, I like just something about that just just felt so foreboding
Al: I've been watching, have you,
Al: you've probably not watched the studio
Al: Apple TV?
Kevin: No
Al: But it's our, I call my dear about like the industry
Kevin: Oh, that sounds good
Al: but it's the main, the main character is Seth Rogan
Kevin: Okay
Al: and the reason I say that is because
Al: like every time he laughs, I'm like, don't get calm.
Al: [laughing]
Al: And it's like, I've not seen a huge amount
Al: of stuff with him in it and I just realized
Al: like the don't get calm, like his laugh is just his laugh.
Kevin: It is. Yeah. No, it is. Yeah. Like Seth Rogan was a good pick for that bit, but that was just a
Al: Like the, it's just, it's really,
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Seth Rogan, you know, it was. Um,
Al: Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't,
Al: I don't just like him as don't come.
Al: I really hope they just do noises.
Al: And obviously there is precedent for them like,
Kevin: I will yeah
Al: 'cause like Mario doesn't really talk,
Al: like he just only says a few phrases and stuff like that.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: But I think if I think, here's why I really want you
Al: to talk.
Al: Not just because like you're, it doesn't talk,
Al: she just makes sure she noises, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: But also, if Yoshi talks, Link is going to talk.
Kevin: Dude Link is gonna talk
Kevin: Link is gonna look no it's not Yoshi Mario talking Mario talk even Link was gonna talk that that was already sent stone for me
Al: No, I don't think, I think there's difference there because, yeah, Link makes noises, but he doesn't say any words.
Kevin: That that's very true he does say
Al: Where does Mario did say words?
Kevin: He does say hogi and wind waker when he pushes and pulls expressing his love of seeing
Al: Oh, I haven't, I haven't, I haven't, I haven't played that. Is that a joke?
Al: This is like, this is like gay bows are all over it again.
Kevin: I don't actually know it sounds like the English word for hogi hogi anyways
Kevin: Yeah, exactly
Kevin: Yeah, well the only thing that Yoshi might not talk because he's not a human right because Mario was human or his short-weight or whatever
Al: Yeah. They made the Luma's talk. I'm not unhappy about that. I do think it works with what they've
Kevin: So you know makes sense
Kevin: Yeah, oh, you know
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no
Al: done. But I just,
Kevin: They've done a good job with their decisions whether you like the decision or you know that's
Kevin: another manner, but I think they did a good job with the decisions and actually yeah, well the most okay I think most
Al: Trisprach
Al: Yeah, yeah, no, yeah, that's he's legitimately the only casting issue I have with any of these
Kevin: people everyone else like yep though that's a goal that's a goal and then the crisp but anyway okay I won't go too
Kevin: deep in it because I mean that's that's all thing anyways say that we never actually did review the
Kevin: Yeah, that's it, and our, so we'll get to that.
Kevin: But there is one final issue or a question, I mean, there's, there's a lot of stuff, but there's a lot of,
Al: Is that not just 'cause Alex didn't, what doesn't like it?
Al: [laughing]
Al: Doesn't want to talk about it.
Kevin: Mario stuff to talk about. We did, there was plenty to cover anyways. Um, uh, the other question,
Kevin: do we get the depressed Luma back? Will it return? Now is it a cameo or is it going to be like the Luma?
Al: Oh, all for sure, for sure.
Al: So my right, do you want my theory for this?
Al: The reason they go into space is to get the lima back to Rosalina.
Kevin: I don't know because we see because the stars are falling we see
Al: Yeah
Al: Yes, but why are the stars falling? We don't know why and I think it's because Rosalina's trying to find the missing luma
Kevin: I guess, I think it's going to be more Bowser Junior is often space when we have to chase him, but whatever, okay, then
Al: No, I don't think we find, I don't think we find Bowser Junior to a lens space because he introduces himself in space.
Kevin: Does it
Al: I'm pretty sure that's what happens in the trailer. You're on Rosalina's space station.
Kevin: Okay, you might be right. Here we are. You know as we do frame by framing and over analyzing the two-minute trailer
Kevin: Oh, it's April. I didn't just realize it in cats. That's soon. Oh, that's coming soon. Oh, wow. Oh, that's exciting
Kevin: Well, I'm hyped for this movie rainbow road radio presents. Kevin is excited for the Mario movie galaxy movie whatever Rosie looks great or dresses. I'll shine
Kevin: - Ah, I'm so excited.
Kevin: - Okay.
Kevin: - All right.
Al: Also, like I just I would I just I think these sequences in this trailer have been put there to
Kevin: - Ow.
Al: To miss leaders. I don't think that these are the sequences that the trailer the
Al: The order that the sequences are happening in but yeah, no, no, yeah, that's definitely so I'm I'm looking back at the bit with with
Al: Preserve Jr. He's he's deaf. That's definitely Rosalina's space. Oh, no, maybe as peaches castle
Kevin: It's hard to tell because it's a green area with a castle-like building and you see other like structures in the back and
Al: But yeah, but it's definitely not in like you're either not in the mushroom kingdom or
Al: You're like in a bubble or something like that. So I guess maybe as come down
Kevin: I don't know. It's hard to say. It looks a little big for her observatory, but you know,
Kevin: they might be mixing it up.
Al: But that also, when you see that later on, you definitely, it's not the same design as in Galaxy.
Al: Like it looks much bigger.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. We'll see, but I'm excited. All right. There you go. Rainbow Road mini
Kevin: segment over. I'll tell me what you've been up to. Okay. Wait. I forget. Okay. I've listened to
Al: Ah, welcome on!
Kevin: the episodes, but I don't even remember. Have you had, you hit credits, right? You beat it?
Al: So, I don't think I had last time, last episode, but I have no, yes.
Kevin: Okay. Okay. You have hit credits. Okay.
Al: So, I have, I have done almost everything in the game.
Al: So, I hit credits, I've completed the Pokedex, I've done all by one of the side quests.
Al: All by one of like your research quests.
Al: So, there's very, it's basically all I've got left to do is battles.
Al: A lot of battles to do, but with no real aim other than finishing it.
Kevin: - Yeah.
Al: The absolute, I presume you know about the final battle research task.
Kevin: - Uh, here, text to me, tell me, I might, I don't root.
Al: I'm just going to say it's not a big spoiler, you have to get you have to have a thousand battles.
Kevin: - Okay.
Kevin: - Oh, okay, no, I didn't know that, dang.
Al: You have to win a thousand battles to get the shiny charm.
Kevin: - Woo.
Kevin: - Woo, that's how you get the shiny charm.
Al: Well, so you get the shiny charm by doing every single research task. So there's research tasks
Al: that give you points and you go up levels and once you've done all of the research tasks,
Al: you have maxed out the research levels and the last one is the shiny
Al: charm. But when you've if you've done everything else except the final task, you need 100 more
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Yep
Al: points to get the final level. But the final research task gives you a thousand. So it's so unnecessary.
Kevin: Oh, that's cruel. Oh, that's awesome. Oh, I love that
Al: And there's there's no other way you can't get the shiny you don't have to do every single
Al: research task because of how the points work. But you have to do that one. You cannot get enough
Kevin: Yeah, but you have to do that one.
Al: points without doing that.
Al: And I thought so I have done almost everything in except the last thing that is basically like you have to like when when the post game battle thing like a certain amount of times before you then do the final main story which unlocks the final side quest.
Kevin: okay so okay now are these battles the the the royale battles or like wild battles
Al: So I've done everything except that and I am like 300 battles.
Al: It can be any battle.
Kevin: too okay wild battles too oh it has to be a trainer okay well
Al: But it has to be a trainer battle.
Al: It has to be a trainer battle, but it can be any trainer battle.
Al: So like most people who don't want to do it manually, they're like setting up,
Al: they've got cafe battle cafes like they had in X and Y and you can just,
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's right.
Al: you can set up a macro which is like shoulder button A and it just keeps spamming
Al: that and it will win battles and eventually you can get them done in like eight hours of a macro.
Kevin: Grab that rubber band around that control stick, good times.
Al: So yeah, that's probably while I end up doing, but I'm going to finish the last main quest and
Al: side quest because they're mostly battle related as well. So I'll just get them done
Al: once I've done that. I'll still have like 600 battles to go. It's absolutely mad.
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. I agree. That that is absolutely
Al: Like I think it would be one thing if it was 500 was the top one because I don't think,
Al: I don't think anyone's going to get 500 now play through. And so like saying like,
Al: You have to then do another
Al: 100 on top of that is mad I don't know who made that decision and it's weird that they've
Kevin: bad thing. That's wild.
Al: not like I feel like they could have put in like an with the dance day that you got the updated
Al: game to add in a a dancy which adds in like another side quest to get the dancy like they could have
Kevin: - Yeah.
Al: easily just added in like another like another pokedex quest that once you've got the answer you get
Al: another hundred points and you wouldn't have to do this.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But no no and I'm also like do I actually want to do this just now or do I want to wait the what three weeks until the DLC comes out because maybe there'll be more research tasks then.
Kevin: and that's a "maybe" still?
Al: Is that is a maybe yeah I don't know like I how much do I want to do shiny hunting between now and then that's the big question.
Kevin: Okay, yeah...
Kevin: Don't you want that tree flow of shiny cocoonas or whatever?
Kevin: Well, you know what this is, this is Mabel's Revenge.
Kevin: This is her ultimate revenge for everything that happened.
Al: Yeah, what can we expect of a terrorist?
Kevin: Yeah, oh, look, we'll get to it.
Kevin: get to it but I mean I think you were you saw that the screen
Kevin: shot of the the gen nine professors but what we'll get to that because we have
Al: Yes, yes, yes we do we do so yeah I'm pretty much done the game but obviously I've still got many many hours to put in with shiny hunting
Kevin: another professor to talk to you about I mean okay well alright well look I know
Kevin: you've said it but now that it's officially you've beaten it is thumbs up okay
Al: No, yeah, it definitely thumbs up.
Kevin: There we go. That's why I bought.
Al: I think if you liked Legends Arceus, you will like this game.
Kevin: There we go. I like legend Arcus a lot.
Al: There might be, there will definitely be things that you miss in that and probably other
Kevin: Yes, like Arisu.
Al: games as well, because it does the standard Pokemon thing of, here's all these features
Al: you loved in this previous game, they're not here.
Kevin: Never. You're never allowed.
Al: So the classic Pokemon thing, if you're really annoyed with Pokemon just now, you will
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: continue to be really annoyed with the Pokemon.
Al: If you want to play a good, if you want to, if you want to like it, and you liked previous
Kevin: Wait.
Al: ones, you will like this.
Al: If you're really annoyed and you're like, I'm nothing will make me happy except a pair
Al: of a game, then maybe stay away from it.
Kevin: Wait, you're sending me mixed message. I like legends arcades, but I'm also annoyed with Pokemon
Al: I think if you're, I mean, if you like, I think with everything, if you go in with a, I'm
Kevin: Which which one's gonna win?
Al: willing to enjoy this, you'll probably enjoy it.
Kevin: Oh
Al: You'll also be annoyed with it, but you'll also enjoy it.
Kevin: No, sure yeah, no, I mean I say that but I know why this land like I'm already I'm excited for the game
Kevin: They are bits that annoy me for sure, but yeah, I'm glad it's good overall for people who like it
Al: If you want a perfect game stop, play in Pokemon
Kevin: Yeah, oh gosh, yes. Oh gosh, yes
Al: You'll play Hades too, right?
Kevin: Go play Kirby air writers dropping
Al: I'm like
Kevin: Actually, I think by the time this drops it'll be out or very close may be after whatever
Al: Is it Friday?
Kevin: It's the 20th the four days from now, so Thursday, I think
Al: Oh, that's Thursday, yeah, day after this drops
Kevin: Yes, there's it
Al: Thursday, why are they dropping loads at? Why because Pokemon did that as well it came out on a Thursday. What's with all the games
Kevin: I don't know and is weird they they're big on Fridays, but okay, I mean Pokemon can drop whatever who when it ever doesn't matter
Kevin: But Kirby, I don't know that that's weird guess cuz soccer, right? I don't whatever. I don't know who cares. I'm
Al: Mokopi is also coming out in a Thursday. What's happening? What's with the intent to when all these games coming out in Thursday's night?
Kevin: It's the daylight savings time
Al: All right.
Al: The day savings.
Kevin: Yeah, there you go
Al: All right. Let's talk about some news.
Kevin: - All right.
Al: Up first, we have Dave the diver have released a switch to edition.
Al: It is free if you already own. It's actually free the most people say it's free.
Kevin: Wow!
Al: If you're ideal in the game, technically it's free.
Al: if you don't on the game it's just obviously you can you can't
Kevin: Oh, I like that download the upgrade pack, but no game
Al: launch it cuz I forgot I forgot that I had Dave the Diver on Steam so I
Al: went and clicked on the the switch to edition and clicked on the upgrade
Al: pack and bought it well bought it for zero pounds added in my switch and then
Kevin: Oh, that's sick.
Al: realized wait I don't have the game so I have the upgrade pack I don't have the
Al: base game it's high resolution and higher free
Kevin: - That's great, I love that.
Al: additional anything so if you're looking for more content that's not what you
Al: got here but I also feel like Dave the Diver is not a game I was needing more
Kevin: Okay, which
Al: resolution and higher frame rate like I'm not really sure what I'm expecting
Kevin: I was about to say how do you hire a resolution pixel art, okay?
Al: here it was already a great game it looked great it ran great right like okay
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: I guess we can have higher frame rate on this.
Al: That game that runs perfectly.
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Yeah, we did month. I was on it Yeah, yeah, that's a good time. Yeah
Al: Did you play? I can't remember. Did you play Dave the diver?
Al: Oh, yes, of course. Everybody played Dave the diver.
Al: I made everybody play it.
Al: Great game. If you've not played it, go play it.
Al: This is a great time to go get it. It is only 17 pounds.
Al: I don't know what it is in dollars.
Kevin: can't guarantee which limited edition paid
Kevin: uh...
Kevin: deals these are available right now
Al: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kevin: uh...
Kevin: the one glaring flaw
Al: Next, we have Dragon Shelter.
Al: Their Kickstarter pre-launch is no live, which is not very much news.
Al: All you can do is click on it and click Save and get notified when the Kickstarter launches.
Al: But if you're really excited about the farming game with dragons,
Kevin: Oh, look, I mean, it is cool. I'll say that the dragons and and they built this up and jumping on trampolines and cooking. That's cool, but I'm just not a fan. Look movies do the same thing. Here's the teaser trailer drops tomorrow. Get excited. Yes, not a fan of that. Yeah, but anyways the game's cute.
Al: Yeah, it's news of news and announcement of an announcement.
Al: I get I kind of get it for a Kickstarter, right? Because like it's such a
Kevin: Yeah, you got to get the algorithm. Yeah, that's true. That is true. Yep, that algorithm. You got to get got to get in there. I need to see more I think, but I like the concept, but we'll see.
Al: like you got to get people excited your first day and your last day are your biggest days for
Al: kickstarters. So I totally get why people do it because if they get loads of people to
Al: to follow it, then they're more likely to get it quickly.
Al: I
Al: decided as to whether I'm backing this we shall
Al: I will consider it. Next we have out and about and a bit their big summer update is launching the end of the time.
Al: Sorry. It's something very funny about this. So just to clear up the confusion, summer in the game, not in real life.
Kevin: Wait what oh, okay. It's that southern hemisphere summer
Al: So it's the it's stuff related to summer in the game. I'm pretty sure.
Al: So the story will continue with three more friendship, friendship levels per character, a new character moving to town. The season will change to summer.
Al: The season will change to summer with lots of new summer plants and mushrooms and also new skins of existing plants.
Al: Whereas interesting is the way this words it makes it sound like everybody is going to be changing to summer when the update comes out, but I'm guessing that's not it, right?
Kevin: Yeah. Probably not. I, okay. You know, it is good. That, that would be very weird.
Kevin: Man, it's like Pokemon seasons, but you're forced to.
Kevin: I, I will say it's interesting because this is the game where it's heavy about
Kevin: like foraging and looking at little plants and stuff.
Kevin: So, you know, changing the season would actually have a big impact.
Kevin: Presumably on the, you know, floor and fauna you can interact with.
Kevin: So that is neat.
Al: Yes, there's also a new area and a paddleboard to move around the lake.
Kevin: Oh, okay. Oh, okay
Kevin: You do you okay paddle. Yeah, that's a new one. I don't think anyone's paddled before our paddle boarded. So all right
Al: Yeah. I'm sure there's a game that's done it, but yeah, I've not seen one.
Al: It's launching at the end of November. Next, we have an update that's actually out,
Al: and that's the story of season's grand bizarre 1.2 update. This adds more items,
Al: more rewards to the bingo that they added in the last update.
Kevin: Did you think, mmm, I think I'll wait to be a sushi chef before I play this game?
Kevin: Well, now you can join in, finally.
Al: Yeah. Here we go. Not just the suit, you could not only get look like a sushi set.
Al: You can also have a sushi glider in both tuna or shrimp.
Kevin: Yeah, that's pretty good. That's pretty good. I'm down for that trip has the tail, a little
Kevin: shrimp tail. Yeah. Oh, that's a good one. Oh, that's like my brother Calvin is, it's
Al: of course it's shrimp.
Al: There you go, I'm not a big shrimp guy.
Kevin: probably one of his three favorite top three favorite foods like shrimp engine. I live
Kevin: by the coast growing up into the large portion of my up
Kevin: up until pretty much I moved to Atlanta. So I'm big on seafood in general and shrimp's good.
Al: I like lots of different fishes, I'm just not a shrimp fan.
Al: There's something weird about the taste.
Kevin: Yeah, sure. Okay. You know, shrimp is interesting because it's so hard to compare to anything
Al: Yeah
Kevin: else. But but I get it. Yeah. Yeah. It tastes like shrimp. Yeah. All right.
Al: It tastes like shrimp
Al: Next speaking of grand bazaar, we have
Al: finally we know about the
Al: Rune Factory Guardians of Azuma crossover with grand bazaar and that is that the animals are coming the grand bazaar animals are
Al: Live in Rune Factory Guardians of Azuma
Al: So if you want some
Al: grand bizarre if you want some story of seasons animals in your room factory.
Al: Finally, finally you can do it.
Kevin: I thought that was already in there, I thought that was part of the deal, I thought the cow would always be present in either title, okay.
Al: No, I think Rimfactory M has like monster animals basically
Kevin: I mean, yeah, but that cow though.
Al: Well four story seasons not for Rimfactory. Come on get with it
Kevin: should be.
Al: The other day is out now
Al: All right next we've got Pokemon pokopia. We got
Kevin: We're doing it, we're doing it now, we're doing it, the real meat of the episode, that's
Al: We got a ten
Al: minute trailer for this game. We learned so much. Let's go through the things that people complain about first.
Kevin: good one, nothing, we're done.
Al: $70 game. It is a $70 game. You know what? Fine, I get the complaints. I'm still buying it.
Kevin: Yes, not on that, I'm going to say it's worth it, but I get it though.
Al: I think it'll be worth it as well, but I totally get it. I totally get it.
Kevin: But I get it, yes, I get it, yeah, they're right, but it's worth it, it's going to be worth
Kevin: more than another $70 games, I'm going to you, Mark, or world, sorry.
Al: Well, yeah.
Al: Wow. I really fell off a cliff, didn't it?
Kevin: Boy did they?
Al: Two game key. It's on the game key cards. You can buy it digitally or with the game key card, not with the game loaded onto a cart.
Al: We're going to talk about that later. So probably no point to talk about it here. I suspect.
Kevin: - Okay, okay, sure, sure.
Al: Let's talk about it later. Let's talk about it later. But it was announced that that is the case.
Al: It's coming out on the 5th of March.
Kevin: that soon, well, I was like, okay, that's, that's my one minor, right, could, what
Al: It's very soon. It is a week after Pokmon Day.
Kevin: it have killed them to push the week up, you know, released early by a week, would it,
Kevin: But in the end, it may be a wood of button.
Al: Maybe it would have
Al: Because then no, so this is so this is the thing then it would have been a February release rather than a March release and they have a different game that they want to release in February instead
Kevin: I hate this. I hate this.
Kevin: They already, what was it? I think they're saying out something dropping. Oh, the DLC drops that day.
Al: The deep the what do you see?
Kevin: Uh, legends, the Z8 DLC, I think drops that day.
Al: That's December
Kevin: December? I could have sworn there's something they already announced dropping on the 26th.
Al: There is yeah, so there's something in January. What was it?
Kevin: Now on Pokemon!
Al: No, so I think
Al: Feel free to tell me I'm wrong, but I think you're confusing the fact that they originally said that
Al: The the news story for the DLC would drop by the 28th of February and and so we were assuming. Oh, that means it's coming on Pokemon day, right?
Al: Because that's the day after Pokemon day
Al: But then the announced last
Al: week that it's actually coming out on the 10th of December instead. I don't know why they said by then,
Kevin: Okay, yeah, I get this from
Al: it was such a weird thing to do to be like oh yeah this DLC is going to release by this day and then
Al: release it two months before that. It's a really weird decision.
Kevin: Yeah, that is very weird. I don't know, but okay, that it's must be what I'm thinking but okay, but well
Al: Oh, animal crossing that's coming in January the switch to update and the 3.0 update that's coming in January
Kevin: But
Kevin: But still it couldn't have been that hard to do it
Al: Well, we don't know what's coming we don't know what the release is for February yet, right? They've got there might be something big
Kevin: All right, okay, okay fine, you're right legends joto will drop that day instead fine fine fair no
Al: No, just Nintendo in general
Kevin: Yeah, but it's Pokemon day. Oh, okay. All right. I'll try to hold it
Al: They've very rarely actually released something on Pokemon day, right like Pokemon day is for telling us all about
Kevin: all right. Moving past that. Yeah, they kind of do. Yeah, yeah, okay. Oh, yeah,
Al: The things that we won't get from months and also all about the master's update
Kevin: the three K gems you get for logging on right now. You're right. It's enough to do a
Al: And I'm like, I always think there's like, I don't know if this is a lot or not.
Kevin: pull. So it's it's a decent amount. Um, it's.
Al: All right, so fifth of March, uh, what else we got?
Kevin: All right. So let's recap. So was it Jen's one through eight? All your professors.
Al: So we got Professor Tangro.
Kevin: They're named after treat trees T he Jen nine. We've got robot clones of your
Kevin: dead parents. We've got a wanted terrorist under house arrest. And that'll
Al: Now, can Vic convicted, convicted, terrorist?
Kevin: tank growth. Sorry. Excuse me. Yes, convicted. Oh, my apologies. Yes. That's great.
Kevin: convicted terrorist under house arrest and tank growth, baby.
Al: So this is really funny, right?
Al: So this 10 minute trailer, right?
Al: You start watching it and you're like,
Al: okay, yeah, this is what I see.
Al: You've got this lovely looking, you know,
Al: this lovely drag and quest builders world.
Al: I'm loving the look of it.
Al: It's exactly what I would want from this.
Al: And then you see this like destroyed town.
Al: You see that the Pokmon Center,
Al: the I theorized was just the design of a house,
Al: but no, it's an actual Pokmon Center.
Al: You see it destroyed.
Al: Then you see a tan growth.
Al: And then, oh wait, this tan growth for some reason
Al: has some glosses and a
Al: I don't know I kind of love this and what I find really funny is the way that okay
Kevin: and great hair somehow.
Al: no I'm jumping I'm jumping the gun should we should we follow the trailer and talk about it as we
Al: go well professor time goes this early early on so we can we can talk about him just now so first of all
Kevin: - All right, sure, let me open the trailer,
Kevin: but I like Professor Danker.
Kevin: Let me put that on the record.
Kevin: Yes.
Al: I guess destroyed town clearly right we see destroyed buildings we see a destroyed pokemon
Al: center I like the theory that this is cinnabar island because they like all of the music in this
Kevin: Oh, that's good. I like that a lot.
Al: trailer is remixed kanto music
Kevin: Yeah, oh, that's good. I like that a lot. There's a, and, and Tengla's live near center,
Kevin: well, they're like a sea root away, but now that it's, it's all fitting in. I like it.
Al: Well, there you go. There you go, uh-huh, it's not going to be right just before we get
Kevin: No. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: too excited about it. It's not going to be it's going to be a new region. We know that right,
Al: but let me get excited. Let me get let me pretend.
Kevin: Well, n-hmm!
Kevin: Yeah, well, you know, you might get the answer later, but okay, let's let's keep going trailer. So where we're back to Ditto person
Al: And then we got we're okay. I'm about about 50 seconds. That's where I'm just now
Kevin: Okay, sure, yep, okay
Al: So we've got Professor Tang growth just looking very lonely. Oh
Kevin: Yup, all by himself. It's pretty is really lonely. You very said. I love you Professor Tengra. I'll do I'll do anything he asks me anything I'm gonna kill that guy
Al: So sad so sad
Al: And then and then we come back to the original thing, which is where a digital pops out of its poke bowl, right?
Kevin: I'll do it. I'll do it
Kevin: me and cue the existential horror. First of all, first of all, that poke about warps out of
Al: And no, but this is but we get more information here, right? Because
Kevin: nowhere. It's like a beam and just materializes. Maybe, maybe.
Al: It does it does is that interdimensional travel. I don't know
Al: But but see here's another thing we then
Al: Get this poke decks on the ground, which has a picture of this
Al: Digital or add it oh, but I'm guess it is clearly meant to be this digital next to a trainer in front of the pokemon center
Kevin: Yeah. Yep. Yep. Clearly. Yeah. No. That's, I mean, if you look in the background of the shot,
Al: So this
Al: Trainer died in the apocalypse, right? Yeah
Kevin: there's ruined stuff. It's, it's clear that somebody died here. Yeah. No, definitely.
Al: There's like a it's a wheelbarrow and some boot a book and berries
Kevin: I thought it was like a boat. I don't know. There's,
Al: All this so there's definitely so there's a substitute doll there. There's a cherry belly cherry
Kevin: Cherryberry leopard bear whatever one of those berries is a barrier book.
Al: Berry a book a ball I saw a ball or is that another
Al: Berry as a pile of books maybe a towel
Kevin: I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Just a whole bunch of stuff kind of like it looks like a shipwreck sort of thing.
Al: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: Just a bunch of debris. That's like
Al: And then we've got this this trainer who's obviously dead now and digital stairs and turns into
Al: a version of its trainer I guess
Al: Well, why I wanted to check out was what does this pokemon center look like? Because
Kevin: compared in the model. Yeah, I think some sort of canton
Al: Yeah, so I think...
Al: that looks like the Let's Go Pokemon Center.
Al: Yeah, so definitely looking at the Let's Go model, it's almost identical to that.
Al: Let's see if we've got...
Al: It's just a list of...
Kevin: You'd think there'd be the way to go Joe Serra being finally, you know, this is your time to shine and then look at his glottings, though
Kevin: I don't know it looks like the I think the fire red leaf green center too
Al: which would make sense. The other one that I was thinking of was whether it looked like Sun
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but okay, but it's
Al: and Moon or not, because I remember them looking very similar, but it does not. It does not look
Al: like at all. Yeah, I think this is I think this is meant to be a can. This is definitely a can
Kevin: But yeah, you know one thing
Kevin: Yeah, it feels like that and I mean the whole like you said, there's the music the vast majority of the Pokemon are cantonian
Al: tool for commands.
Al: Although fewer and fewer, we're getting a lot more non-canto pokemon, especially from this trailer.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean tang growth, right what we didn't know one comment about professor tang growth
Al: Well... yeah... sure.
Kevin: This is the deepest cut. I don't know if this was intentional or not
Kevin: But because he has one who is you know vines kind of sticking up like a hair or something
Kevin: And then a TM kind of stuck on it, right? There's the CD disc. I don't I feel like it's intentional because it's but it's so
Al: - Uh-huh, yep.
Kevin: Specific and niche if you go back to actually I believe it's the fire at leaf green games
Kevin: And you use a TM on a Pokemon do you
Kevin: The there's an animation of the TM being slapped on their forehead to learn them move
Al: Do you think his tang growth trying to learn a move?
Kevin: It's incredibly specific, but it's a whole
Kevin: there's detail, maybe I don't know, but in their way, somebody, I, that's to it.
Al: I think the hair that goes up looks like a question mark, so I'm wondering if that's a clue or not.
Kevin: It does.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I don't know, but, uh, or Kpop fan.
Al: I feel like a Taylor Swift fan right now.
Al: All right, so, so digital as a trainer walks out of the cave and then finds Professor Tang growth.
Al: And the ruins of the Cinnabar Island still to be confirmed.
Al: And then we get the weird narrator starts talking and telling us what's happening and interpolating their conversation.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yup, even though there's subtitles, but okay. Yeah
Al: I want this narrator for the entire game.
Kevin: I would like I'd just for the Professor Tangerith voice a lot. I'd be down for that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god
Al: the voices I love the idea of just
Al: having having full voice acting that it's just one person putting on
Al: voices I love that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, so also Tang growth confirms that this
Kevin: What what if flex that would be especially with the the ZA no voice acting?
Kevin: Oh, good times
Kevin: Okay, so they agree to fix up the island because the professor
Al: was a place where humans lived. It was once a place home to many humans but
Al: so what happened here and why that's what I want to know. I hope we're going to
Al: find out some or get some clues would be fun if we didn't get like the
Al: full story, right? Because no one's around to tell us but I'd love if we found
Al: like clues that would give us hints towards what it
Kevin: Yeah. So this is, this is when, I mean, this is a whole discussion, right, because it's
Kevin: being developed by Coatekmo, right? So who's, who's lee, you know, steering the ship? Is it,
Kevin: is Pokemon holding a gun to their heads, or are they, you know, are they being able to sneak that
Kevin: horrifying post, apocalyptic can't do a story in there? I don't know, could be either way. Yep.
Al: Both could be the case. There have been horrifying things in Pokemon games before, right? Like Pokemon having a gun to their head, which I think we all know will be the case. It's Pokemon, they're control freaks. Hey, Game Freak, but I don't think that means that we won't get a really weird creepy story.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just think it to that is true. That is possible.
Kevin: They are willing to, I mean, well, we'll get into it. But in this trip, we already see some other junk. But
Kevin: anyways, Pokemon, they start showing up because
Al: Yeah. So this is interesting. So why are the Pokemon somewhere on this island and we're
Al: just creating habitats that they move to or was it a desolate wasteland and in which case
Kevin: Well, I'm the reason we'll answer would be the former that we're just attracting them, but we did see
Kevin: Pokebo materialized from a beat game. So you never know
Al: I also have another question. You have both kinds of shellos here, uh-huh. So, at three minutes and 43 seconds,
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Wait, you do I didn't see that. Oh, yeah, they are
Al: you see both shellos walking along a deer, a dog. Next to a fishing rod as well.
Kevin: Yeah, that I love that so they're saying okay, they're showing off all these different ways
Kevin: You can attract Pokemon you build a trash can and troublesh pops out. You build some grass and stuff pops out
Kevin: You do a finishing rod. You can pull up a magic art. How awesome is that?
Kevin: I'm a big fan
Al: That seems like a very mean way for a Pokemon to get another Pokemon to come help,
Kevin: Yeah
Al: is hook them with a hook in their mouth.
Kevin: Yeah, but
Kevin: Yeah, but clearly this did oh above everyone else
Kevin: at this point. Yeah, I so one thing I I had much in yeah, it's great. One thing I love and hate I this game and trailer doing things
Al: Oh, you build you build a punching bag and hit my chin comes.
Kevin: I hate but I love because they're they're going all in the animations on the dido trainer is like stretching and shock and stuff. It's it's horrifying. I love it. And the the finger yeah and the fingertips are still kind of purple. Oh, I love it.
Al: Oh, I love it.
Kevin: They're just leaning in full. I look it's great. Um, okay, so yeah, you've got that we get to you get to learn moves from Pokemon
Kevin: Confirmed hard confirmed up front and center. You are vomiting to grow your crops and plants in this island. I'm very excited for that
Al: Very creepy, very weird.
Kevin: Yeah, squirt squirrel teaches you how to project out of all the romantic to grow the trees.
Kevin: Yeah, you learn your cuts and you get your cyther sword arms punching gloves from hit munchan digging from drill burs
Al: It's a fun way to continue like the, or you have to start in this small area, but as you progress,
Kevin: Yeah, yep, yep, yep, and then we hit the big one. The one I was not sure because the question was, okay, is it just gonna be you know this one little island
Al: you then get, you're able to expand out because you're getting these new abilities.
Kevin: And how big is this area?
Kevin: Well, we reach a lap risk and sure enough you turn into your, by the way, something
Kevin: is wrong with this ditto because it cannot transform correctly.
Kevin: It turns into a lap risk with the ditto face, but it can do that.
Kevin: And then you can now sail off to other areas and they also show Dragonite.
Kevin: You can fly off to other areas.
Kevin: So the question is to how big this is, I don't know, but more than just one island.
Kevin: So there's that.
Kevin: That's exciting and it leaves room for, you know, maybe DLC in the future.
Kevin: Oh, we just discovered, I don't know, Z.A. Island over here, whatever, mega island.
Kevin: Oh, oh, what I would give for spoilers for Z.A. people, mega star me on this island.
Kevin: Okay, so that's good.
Al: Oh, creepy.
Al: And then, and then we've got crafting.
Kevin: Yeah, everyone's favorite, crafty.
Al: We love a crafting.
Al: I actually do like crafting. I think it's fun.
Kevin: I mean, yeah, I do too.
Kevin: I agree, right?
Kevin: There's a lot of nuance to it.
Kevin: You can get things wrong, but the general idea I do enjoy making things.
Kevin: So absolutely.
Kevin: We get the straw bread, straw, it's not straw bread, straw bed, the staple from dragon quest
Kevin: builders that they can sleep on toy blocks.
Kevin: So Alkazam can play with them, that's cool.
Kevin: This is now just the decorate your island, so build a whole bunch of stuff.
Kevin: Very excited.
Kevin: Let's see what else.
Kevin: Yeah, it's a lot of like Pokemon world overworld of the hallmarks, signs and lamp posts and
Kevin: vending machine, I guess, but I'm excited. Very, very excited.
Al: I mean, is it too simplistic to say that it really does just feel like dragon quest builders with Pokemon?
Kevin: No, and that's not a bad thing that I say that loving yeah, yes
Al: I'm not saying it is I'm definitely not saying it is it definitely not saying it's a bad thing
Al: It just like everything because they're like then they talk about the quests that they'll have for you to do like this is this is exactly
Kevin: Yeah, yes
Kevin: Some of these textures look straight straight out of Dragon Quest builders. It's you know, it's absolutely Dragon Quest builders, but Pokemon
Al: What dragon quest builders too had?
Al: Yeah
Al: I
Al: mean if I told you a year ago there's gonna
Al: be a Dragon Quest Builders 3 coming out, but it's gonna be Pokemon. You'd be like excellent.
Kevin: - I didn't say shut up, you liar.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: It's like if you were to say how could you improve Dragon Quest Builders 2? I would say
Kevin: - Popo, come on.
Al: who Pokemon in it. I mean I wouldn't say that because I would never imagine they would,
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah, yeah, that would be one of our stupid jokes,
Al: but that's exactly what I would want. Yes.
Kevin: but here we are.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: because this is not a drag on drag.
Al: This is not a drag on drag and quest, but I never really got through the story of drag and quest builders too because I didn't care because I'm not really a drag and quest guy.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, here we go.
Kevin: It's not a drag on Dragon Quest.
Kevin: There we go. We got there.
Kevin: That's a shame that that you know what that's fair. I was I wasn't
Kevin: I got a light drink wasn't up, but I've never really played a game per se
Kevin: But I I'm feeling it the world and the characters, but that's she and that story was good like genuinely
Kevin: Non as a non like draw unquest player. It was a good story, but anyways
Kevin: You'll get to experience it now
Al: You implying it's going to be the same story just with Bookman.
Kevin: Well, maybe not the same one because literally the god
Kevin: of destruction was in DQB2, but we'll get something deep and
Kevin: existentially horrifying, I'm sure.
Al: I mean, he velter could come in, he velter.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's how I say it.
Al: I've just realized I have no idea how to say that name.
Al: Eveltal, Eveltal, I've never said that name out loud.
Kevin: Well, let's see if we'll find that out. Let us hold that.
Al: Eveltal, this is why they need voice acting
Al: in Pokemon games.
Kevin: Yeah, and then they can change it later.
Kevin: And it gets all confused.
Al: One thing that we, so then we've got, we've got a character customization.
Al: One thing I would say, no bold option.
Al: Boo.
Kevin: Yeah, that they've shown
Al: Give me bold.
Kevin: Well, maybe you unlock it
Al: What, what do you think this guy, do you think a fur-frew is going to come along and give us new hairstyles?
Kevin: Ooh, that'd be good or DLC they could do that, but here's the thing about the balls specifically
Kevin: They're hiding that because you don't find that until you find blame hidden in the cave
Al: and then get to realize as the people can be bold.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, there you go
Kevin: What if ting growth splashes are blains? Oh
Al: I do I do think the customization looks pretty white like you see like quite
Al: you see like six characters and they're all very differently dressed so that's
Kevin: Yeah, and a lot of Pokemon specific references you get you get to address you get red's jacket
Kevin: There's a quasi-mysti. There's the black belt trainer class
Kevin: It looks like a pretty solid character customized thing. Stay with the horrifying ditto face, but yes
Al: And then, and then we get what I wasn't, what we were discussing, whether they would
Al: have or not, which is, decorating in buildings.
Kevin: Mm-hmm. That was a big one. Oh, you know what we skipped back up
Al: And oh my word, that wallpaper is horrifying.
Kevin: Back up a second you get to build structures with Pokemon
Al: Oh, what did I miss?
Al: Yes.
Kevin: How awesome is that like building houses the bigger projects?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Pokemon will help you to some degree. I don't know what that if that's the animation or you know, it's like because
Al: I suspect.
Al: I suspect it's like you need a certain number of Pokmon to build a certain size of building or something like that.
Kevin: Probably yeah, maybe a certain kind
Al: It's just a progression thing, right?
Kevin: Yeah, probably but it's fun to see like even just flavor
Kevin: as you remember Dragon Quest Builders, the villagers would help you out here and there, which is a great thing.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Okay, going back, yes, you can decorate inside.
Al: So we have, we have couches.
Al: We have wallpaper, flooring, beds.
Al: We have like pokeball rugs, we have arcades.
Al: We have our gaming PC with a curved monitor.
Al: We have stereo TV of many fridge.
Kevin: Okay, I'm huge. I am hugely anti-curve, man. I think I'm wondering I'm not a fan. Oh, wait. What?
Al: Tell me why.
Al: Have you, have you actually used one?
Kevin: I'm not me personally, but I've seen them on
Kevin: I've seen them in the office. I've seen other people use them. I'd rather have two or three monitors instead of one
Al: Oh, see, I know I switched to a huge and ultra wide monitor years ago and it's been my favorite thing
Al: because you can still put multiple screens on it if you want
Kevin: I don't know
Kevin: Yeah, I know
Al: Sorry, multiple multiple windows on it, but you can also have and this is something you can't really do with multiple monitors
Al: You can have just one window covering the whole thing
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: So like right now, I am looking at the video full screen on my
Al: What is it? 28 inch ultra wide monitor?
Al: You know, whereas like if I was having two smaller screens, then I would have the video much smaller and when I do my software development, I can have my IDE up full size and have like three different files side by side if I need in certain situations like it's just so much more flexible.
Kevin: Well, it is more flexible. I'll happily admit that or you're readily admit it, but I don't know. I don't I don't like new things
Al: That's fair. That's fair. I do think however it's something that you you have to like if you want to try it
Kevin: Oh, but that's it
Al: You have to try it for like a week or two
Kevin: Yeah, you have to grow into it. Yeah, yeah, it's it's got to put like a lamp like a sort of
Al: Because otherwise you're just like oh, I hate it because it's different but after a while you start to to figure out whether you like it or not
Al: Anyway curve monitor great
Kevin: Neon like tube lamp, but or the streamer lighting. That's what it looks like as giant pokeball. All this decor or at least the one
Al: Yeah
Al: Many French
Kevin: showing off your feels like, yeah.
Al: Oh, did you oh, I just I just noticed how little
Al: Places things did you see that so right go to where it so go
Kevin: wait let me back up i'm watching yeah oh my god did it just spit it out yeah it took water
Al: It's better. It is my
Kevin: going to the next level oh no that makes sense in the pokemon that can transform at the
Al: Horrifying
Kevin: molecular level what's inside that clearly it's a curby like infinite void so why not just keep
Kevin: Keep all your storage inside you.
Kevin: Oh no.
Al: Is the like the way the cheeks puff out as you're as you're about to place it and then it just like
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, you're just walking around with your storage and your cheeks.
Kevin: Oh, my goodness.
Kevin: I love this game.
Al: That's horrifying
Kevin: It's awful.
Kevin: Great.
Kevin: So multiplayer, very cool up to four players.
Kevin: A tiny snip here, but it thrills me to bits,
Kevin: Bulbasaur jump rope. I hope we get a
Kevin: number of little weird minigames like that. That would be really fun. But and you can play with your friends. Very, very cool. Taking photos with your friends actually looks kind of fun. I don't know, maybe just because how the ditto's hold the cameras or whatever. But we get game share. So you can play with only one copy of the game. You can share with your friends either on Switch 2 or Switch 1. How cool is that?
Kevin: Yup, but wait
Al: That is very cool, completely unexpected.
Kevin: Okay, as someone, I have this too, does that imply there will be a switch one version or are there?
Kevin: Okay, all right. I was just checking. Okay. That's what I thought but just checking
Kevin: But yeah
Kevin: And then we can get kind of the recap. Oh my gosh, is that a pomie?
Kevin: There's a pomie in the video and I think it's Partha at at around 905
Kevin: You can see some of the pal day of poke
Kevin: on the tree. I'm sure I'm kind of surprised with that one. I thought it'd be because like I said it's heavily leaning towards the gen one and the trailers but clearly not all. Nine oh five it's sitting on a bench. Wait what it's jiggly pop from above. What is.
Al: I don't know, is that in a spot or is it an order for you?
Al: Oh, no, wait, where are you looking?
Al: Yeah, that's side up on its side.
Al: It's side up on its side. (laughs)
Al: I'm so sorry to break this to you.
Kevin: Oh no no this is the best. Wow. Wow that actually jiggly pop from above. Oh there's a gopin on a bench. I like gopin. Oh good times. Yep. Yeah clearly like look at look at Gardevoir just chattening up with a little wicker when it's great.
Al: It's side up lying on his side on the bench.
Al: [laughs]
Al: It just, it just, I mean, it does show you that like the Pokemon
Al: have personalities, right? That's cool.
Kevin: Yeah because I mean even a giant quest builders too was good with that right all the villagers would run around do stuff eat and and you know have expressions they were they felt you know like they had life to them. And so you know add that to Pokemon because you know we're suckers and we like Pokemon and well that's a winning formula. Oh there's a cat turn just chilling on a coach very excited.
Kevin: Um, there are also some big Pokemon like Hexaurus charged earlier, they did a footage.
Kevin: like a bunch of the big dragon looking Pokemon. Um, yeah, and so that's Pacopia. Um, and then we get the stinger, right?
Kevin: Miracle is painting, which I'm kind of excited. I hope that's a thing in game like you do something with miracle.
Kevin: Um, that would be fitting for the gameplay, but then there's street lights things go out. It's getting spooky. What's going on?
Kevin: There is a ghost glowing ghostly looking Pikachu that's all gray, basically.
Kevin: Um, that's a dead Pikachu. That's what I'm saying. That's just the dead Pikachu.
Al: I mostly agree with you, but there was something that someone that I saw on one of their
Al: social medias that made me think it's like just, I don't know, an ice type Pikachu or something,
Al: like the way they, yeah, something.
Kevin: It's albino
Kevin: Is it a is it a Pikachu that would forgot it was a ditto cuz it's kind of got that ditto purple going on
Al: I saw someone suggest maybe it saw a mimic you evolution.
Kevin: Yeah, it's mega minic you finally here. Um, but yeah, that'd go
Al: Yeah, I so okay, so one this game isn't connecting to Pokemon home, right?
Al: I think we can safely say
Kevin: No, yes, I will say, say...
Al: Two that means that these are only these only for this game probably right
Kevin: Probably. Yes. It's spiky or peachy. Yes.
Al: Except it's possible they come to Pokemon go
Kevin: Sure. Okay. Yeah. Pokemon goats, always the exception.
Kevin: And if we get party at warpool and Pokemon go, anything's possible in Pokemon go.
Al: I will say that most, most lacks seems like a weird, almost like an evolution.
Kevin: Okay. I mean, look, understandably, people see, that's about to say that's what it is about to say.
Kevin: I mean, people popping off about the dead Pikachu.
Kevin: because the mask gun looks dead or whatever, but me that they keep going on and then we get
Kevin: Moss Lacks of giant I say giants might not actually sign
Al: They called it Mosslax, right?
Kevin: They did
Al: Like they didn't say this was a Moss covered Snarlax.
Kevin: They called in it. I didn't see that. Oh, oh, I didn't realize that. Well, I don't know
Al: They called it Mosslax.
Al: I can't remember where it was.
Al: I think it was on social media,
Al: but I definitely saw them call it Mosslax.
Kevin: Well, I don't know what's going on, but it take feedies here, and it's a Snorlax
Al: Yeah, here you go.
Al: So the official Pokemon Facebook page,
Al: quietly introducing you to Mosslax.
Kevin: Okay. Um, yeah, I don't, this again looks incredible man. That's all I have to say.
Kevin: We've reached the end. Oh, there's your early buyer bonus.
Kevin: Receive a ditto rug in your house until January 31st, 2027.
Kevin: As game freak does, it's nice ditto rug.
Al: Yeah, I mean, fine. And you get nearly a year to redeem it. It's not really an early purchase
Kevin: No.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: bonus if you've got nearly a year. I'm not complaining. It's just very funny that it's so long.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm on it either.
Kevin: It is.
Kevin: Oh, man, there's a rookie to either.
Al: But that also like the fact that they've got mystery gift in this game means that they probably
Al: have plans for more things as well. Will they give us will it just be cosmetics or will they
Al: also give us Pokemon in the game through mystery gift?
Kevin: I think that's very possible.
Kevin: Like I don't imagine it's terribly hard to add a Pokemon in this game.
Kevin: You know, you could just a cosmetic Pokemon that wander around your town.
Kevin: They give you, they give you the, what's it called, the special patch of berry to have
Kevin: petcher run or whatever show up, yada, yada, et cetera, et cetera.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: You know, the thing that brings the Pokemon over.
Kevin: They're very excited.
Kevin: So one thing interesting about the trailer, tang growth, you know, it's very like the front
Kevin: and center.
Kevin: He mentions how humans and Pokemon lived here.
Kevin: And he'd love for humans in Pokemon to both return.
Kevin: We didn't actually see a human in the whole trailer.
Al: We didn't, no, but just because time growth once, just because Professor time growth once
Kevin: Nope.
Al: human to return doesn't mean you will in the game.
Kevin: that is true. You're fine. It could be the credit shot, the train, the dido's trainer returns.
Al: But I could see that as being like the end point, like, oh, exactly, exactly, exactly.
Kevin: I mean, yeah, that's probably the thing, right? Yeah. Well, that's why the ghost Pikachu's
Al: Although the digital trainer is dead.
Kevin: year, it's the spirit of your deceased trainer. That is not a plot. That is not a crazy idea.
Al: Alright
Kevin: They have done similar plots in other days.
Al: They have yeah, yeah, I I would not be
Al: Completely surprised if it was something like that. Oh
Al: Haha, yours really funny see on the the Pokemon blog
Al: Links to the mine Nintendo store if you click on it
Al: It says you have a to leave a site operated by the Pokemon company international the Pokemon company international is not responsible for the content of any linked website
Al: But it's like I'm going
Kevin: They don't understand how they make those games.
Al: to an intent all Kevin you buy in this game you
Kevin: Maybe, just maybe.
Al: buy no one release day borrow Calvin's one yeah just buy it and play on
Kevin: Maybe, just maybe, presuming I have a switch to, but yes.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: That may be irrelevant.
Kevin: I may be buying it anyways.
Al: Calvin's it's not
Kevin: Oh, yeah, there you go.
Kevin: That's true. That's true. That's true. Sorry, Calvin, on March. Actually, I say that November 20, if you lose your switch to.
Al: it's not like you don't live with someone who has a switch to come on
Kevin: Less than a week left, sorry, Calvin.
Al: that's a good point there's no way there's no way that you get to march not having
Al: bought a switch to to plea carburetor's right come on
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I slash the link Calvin's whatever, but yes, Kirby or writers
Kevin: But yes, I mean, yes, of course. It's it's day what it day
Kevin: No, it's day negative whatever today's whenever they announced it that was the day
Kevin: I purchased the game just you know, I didn't hand over the money yet, but I was locked in the day
Al: I've already got my savings, Paul, and I've added, like, half the money.
Kevin: No, it's it. I mean, what about you, Al?
Kevin: Yeah, of course, right? Oh
Kevin: There you go
Kevin: I want this game so bad. It's all I need
Al: It will be interesting to see whether I do and like obviously I'm gonna buy it and I'm gonna play it the question is
Al: One, I'm not gonna buy the back game key car or I'm gonna buy it digitally
Al: I'm gonna use this as the reason that I'm gonna go all digital with Pokemon games
Al: I don't know but to will I get really into this game or will I just be a
Al: Passing fad because I've never hugely got into
Al: Many side games for a long time
Al: The new pokemon snap I played for maybe a week and it was fine and I was done like I never really got into it
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Like Pokemon existing in a game doesn't mean I'm going to play it and
Al: Obsess over it, right?
Al: There's a reason that I like the main series of Pokemon games and it's not just because they're Pokemon
Kevin: No
Al: It's because I really like how the games play right?
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it has the grind that that you like
Al: Exactly. The game gameplay is important to me and so the question is will I actually like
Kevin: Yeah
Al: this or not? And I guess we'll find it.
Kevin: Okay, look
Kevin: even if you don't play the game that long, like I'm confident it's going to be a very quality game. Dragon Quest Builders, whether you're a fan of the Dragon Quest, I think people can recognize, is a very quality game.
Al: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Right? So, you know, I have a lot of trust in this game being excellent, regardless if you're a fan of it or not, just sort of objectively, right?
Kevin: The question is it going to be very gentle in this game?
Kevin: [Laughter]
Kevin: That's, that's all. I'm excited.
Al: Yeah, I don't know
Al: This is this is the problem with Pokemon. It's like are we good is is Jen kind of be
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: Gen 10 gonna be one of the best games ever or is it gonna be one of the worst games ever and honestly, it's a coin toss, right?
Kevin: at this point, yep.
Kevin: - Yup.
Al: I just like I absolutely I don't understand how the same company that made Pokemon legends are here on ZA
Kevin: And it's so baffling because a lot of them are very clear like this was a decision that
Al: I also made
Al: Pokemon Scarlet in violet. I just I just don't get it
Kevin: was made.
Kevin: Like they said, they were going to do this thing or not do this thing.
Al: Yes, yes, yeah, because I don't think because there's a whole load of discourse just now
Kevin: And it's baffling why they would do that many times.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: on there. Oh, they don't put enough money into these games. And that's probably true,
Kevin: Yes.
Al: but most of the things that you don't like about the game, we didn't improve if they put more money
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: into it. Right? Like, I don't think that for, you know, I, I, all the reason things they don't
Al: don't have in this game that they did have in Legends Arches are not there.
Kevin: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mummy money. Right. Yep. Sure. Yep. No. No amount of
Al: Because they didn't want them to be there.
Al: They're not because they didn't have the money to implement the feature, right?
Al: Like, obviously, there are so many other issues with Scarlet and Violet that where a whole other thing, right?
Al: Like, the performance issues is something that they probably could have fixed with more time and more money.
Al: Fine, sure.
Al: But like, the empty world wasn't something that they would have fixed for that.
Al: You know, it's like saying if Nintendo put more money into animal crossing that they would have had
Al: the villagers be more interesting. No, of course they wouldn't because they didn't seem to care about it for that game like
Kevin: Now, yeah, I was not the decision.
Al: There's not how these things work and I just it's absolutely baffling to me that people are like they'll just need to put more money
Al: And not they don't they don't like I mean would would they make a better game if they had more money
Al: Probably not good do they make a better game if they had more money? Yes
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. And.
Al: But those are not the same thing and you cannot assume someone who is making bad decisions
Al: If you give them more money, they're just going to continue making bad decisions.
Al: Which I'm not this, this is, and just to be a point, this is not an, and don't give homeless people money thing because that's what it sounded like.
Al: It's not like, but the point is, like you just, you can't just assume the more money is going to fix the problem.
Kevin: Yeah, and then there's I mean there's the flip side too, right? Like they've made plenty of
Kevin: Pokmon has made plenty of great games without needing more money or time or whatever, right?
Al: Mhm. The reason, the reason we don't have balconies in Pokemon
Kevin: Because they were very good in their direction and decision making and made fun things.
Al: Legends ZA is because it would make the game run worse. It's not because
Al: they don't have the money to make the models for it because there are balconies in some
Al: areas that they wanted there to be balconies. Can you imagine? I like, and this is not
Kevin: Yep. Oh.
Al: like a justifying the fact that the walls are flying.
Al: I get why people are annoyed by that, but with the number of balconies they have on those walls, the game would run absolutely dreadfully if every single balcony was rendered.
Kevin: hahahaha
Kevin: Well, no, then just need more money to fix that
Al: More money to make a bear console. They want to do that. It would run great on the PS5.
Kevin: Yeah, well, yeah, you go
Al: I just like people love to have a quick fix for these things and it's not the case, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: money does not equal better game. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Also, more money does not make better story. Just saying.
Kevin: No, no, no, it's early not a poco, my certainly not with both
Kevin: I don't even need to know that I'll poquopia will absolutely have a better story
Al: Oh, yeah. Oh, but that's the thing. I'm not I'm not yet probably because Gen 10 is going to be another. Oh, look, there's a Pokemon destroying the world. Let's fix it
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's fine, it's fine, yes.
Al: Like I don't particularly care, right? Like I've, I've said this before. I play the games because I enjoy the interactions with the Pokemon and the catching and the back. I enjoy that. I don't particularly expect there to be an amazing story.
Kevin: Yeah, that's correct.
Al: But would I enjoy it more if there was a better story yet probably like I enjoyed the small stories of Scarlet and Violet. They were fun.
Al: I love the weird side things that you get in Legends EA. They're fun. Do more to that.
Kevin: Yeah, and you know what that that's interesting about Pokemon because they've always been good at that
Kevin: There's always weird little pockets or characters or side stories that are pretty good on entertaining
Al: Yeah
Kevin: But the main their main thoughts just you know the most cookie cutter thing ever, but anyways
Kevin: Pakopia come in March 5 better than part gen 10 the answer is is it's not a hard no
Al: Apparently what a
Al: We'll see
Al: Can't believe we're let we're probably
Al: No, less than a year away from Gentan coming out because if it comes out on the same Friday in November as Scarlet and Violet did it will be out on Friday
Kevin: Yeah, that's true. It will. It will. It will. It will. It will. It will. It will. It's always the second, third. Yeah, I guess. Well, it was a legend game you see. And what's next? We got other news.
Al: Well, you say that but it wasn't this year. It was October
Al: And don't do it, goin'. No, no Kevin, stop.
Al: Oh.
Al: We have, yeah, goodness me, has this been the longest news section we've ever had.
Al: Next, we have some new games.
Kevin: Well, it's Pacopia.
Al: So the first new game is by the developer of Garden Galaxy,
Al: and this game is called Willy.
Kevin: Oh, uh, that's a name.
Al: Raise a flock of colorful sheep in this slow-paced idler.
Al: Gathers their fleeces and complete your collection.
Al: It's a monster creature collector, it's a creature collector, Gavin.
Kevin: I don't I don't like how easily suckered. I'm in by this concept
Al: [laughter]
Al: Look, it costs five quid, right?
Al: Come on.
Kevin: Look at all those sheet patterns
Al: Oh, man, you need to collect.
Kevin: Yeah, what I'm not okay, but I can see the fingerprints of the Garden Galaxy devs all over
Kevin: It's like you said, it's idle, right?
Kevin: You're generating the coins and buying stuff with the coins and doing stuff with the coins
Al: Do you know the thing is though, I think actually my
Al: prefer this to get a garden galaxy because the problem
Al: with garden galaxy is like I was decorating.
Al: What is this is your, your collecting animals and they're
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. I agree because with the decorating like it felt you were missing pieces. Is it where you know like when am I gonna get a thing, you know a water feature or lamp or whatever, but here it's like oh look on you sheep. I like this one. Yeah, it's cute. It's a fun little idea. Just a pet and full of all sorts of sheep with random patterns.
Al: doing things like that is much more interesting to me.
Kevin: Oh, um.
Kevin: And just feeding them and cleaning up their poop. Good times.
Al: Yeah, I might get this to try.
Kevin: I also might give it a try.
Al: All right, and the other game, the other new game we've had in
Kevin: I didn't see this. I didn't think I had something more exciting than, or as equally exciting.
Al: Kevin's about to crash because he's about to realize that this is not being announced for anywhere outside of Japan.
Kevin: No! Don't do that to me all. It has to.
Al: All right, we should probably tell the listeners what we're talking about.
Kevin: [mumbling]
Kevin: There's only two or three things that I'd react like this. They can guess.
Al: So it's a free-to-play Rice Cultivation and RPG game for RPG games.
Al: And RPG, role-playing game for mobile and PC.
Kevin: Oh, wait, I there are many emotions. I'm feeling right now. What do you mean free to play? I don't know if I
Al: I don't know what to tell you. Free to play means free to play, right?
Kevin: Who are all these characters there's so what are these animals?
Al: The original, I think, uh, it's the original vice cast that we're seeing in this video.
Kevin: Yeah, I think so they're at them in there. Yeah, because it's like this it's like an
Kevin: an hour, almost 90 minute like presentation and there's presumably the voice cast. Yeah, I think that
Al: Yeah. Completely in Japanese. Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Sockin is a voice actor because they're dressed like they had the Sockin to look in a robe on. So I don't know
Kevin: what's going on. It's all in Japanese. There's all these characters. There's new people, but there's Kolkua Dawa.
Kevin: You know what? You know what? It's more Sockin in my life. What is this game play? That dungeon crawl?
Al: This is a weird-looking game.
Al: I don't know what this is.
Al: It looks like menu the game.
Kevin: They just brought out real life rice tools or harvesting tools on the street.
Kevin: I don't know what it's not it's not I'm torn because
Al: It's definitely not like the first game.
Al: Let's just put it out there.
Al: It's very different.
Kevin: Sakuna is a series that could die so easily so fragile so anything I see with the name on it
Kevin: is oh thank god it lives but I mean first of all I don't know
Kevin: I'm gonna get this in English right
Al: So yeah, we do not know anything about that yet. They've not given as any information outside of this
Al: stream
Al: And I mean, it's very possible that it's that it's not the steam page
Al: Currently is unavailable outside of Japan. So that's not a great a great thing to see
Al: But it's not unheard of for these things to sometimes
Al: even though they're locked down then because what was the
Al: what was the name of the one that Micah was obsessed with, um, summer vacation.
Kevin: Yeah, I know what you're talking about, I don't remember the name, but yeah.
Al: Anyway, that one, the steam page was originally locked to Japan until the
Al: announced that there was an English freshen coming as well. So
Kevin: Ugh, I do you ever get a dub of the the enemy?
Al: I think so. Was that another version? Did we know?
Kevin: Because I watch I watch it subbed
Al: I'm pretty sure both were available.
Kevin: Wait, did I just watch it subbed and not realize there's a dub? Oh, I think you're right
Kevin: Oh, it's Laura. Oh my gosh, were they
Al: I know it was, it was just, it was just subbed, no doubt.
Kevin: I don't know, but you know, that's an enemy that happens. That's you know, you know, this tells me it's doesn't go by more copies of sock and I'm just telling them to get okay.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Okay, okay, it's exists. I just I have to wait for any information. I just have to sit here and just sweaty
Al: Hold up. The new LEGO Party game is apparently available through net.
Kevin: waiting for more. Wait, what? There's a leg. Okay, let's back up step one. There's a Lego party game. Yeah, sure, that's what I assume, but okay.
Al: Sorry, how did you miss that? Yeah, it's like a like it's like Mario party, but Lego
Al: Um, it came out recently and apparently it's on Netflix
Kevin: Okay, that's all right. You don't feel like it's gaming good good. Okay. That's interesting.
Al: I'm gonna have to try that then I'm gonna fasten these
Kevin: I guess so. Hey, you know what else I found out just run the topic of these random things. Did you know there's a sonic version of Fall Guys?
Al: there as in like the sonic levels in focus.
Kevin: No, no, it's a game called Sonic Rumble. I mean, yes, there is, but there's a Sonic Fall Guys game basically. It's Fall Guys, but Sonic it's called Sonic Rumble.
Al: Well, there are.
Al: Okay, but there are.
Al: No, I did not I was not aware of this sonic rumble
Kevin: I only found out like last week and I was blown away
Al: Interesting. Oh, it's came out this year. That's why
Kevin: Yeah, I guess so oh there you go
Al: It is not God is God mixed steam reviews
Al: I will say that I don't I don't think I ever looked at fall guys and went what does this need being able to run really really fast
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, it's also Sonic game. So you know that that sounds on par-
Al: Yeah, well exactly exactly who disappoints their fans more pokemon or sonic
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: That's a good point. At least at least Sonic recognize that it's one point
Al: All right, I don't know.
Kevin: That that's an episode off
Al: Is there anything else to talk about this not going to game?
Al: It might be a weird game. It might exist outside of Japan at some point.
Al: Whatever. Kevin's just excited that something exists even if he's never going to be able to play it.
Kevin: I'm just, I'm just, you know, reaching out and stroking and petting my screen, just looking
Kevin: at this trailer existing.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: So happy.
Kevin: Hey, we got more of those sock in an illustration.
Al: Maybe one day.
Kevin: That's already good enough for me.
Al: That's fair.
Al: All right, well that's the news.
Kevin: I guess.
Al: We're gonna talk about game,
Al: an Nintendo game key cards now.
Al: So just before we get into the discussion,
Al: I just want to clarify,
Al: for people who aren't aware what these are,
Al: game key cards are like a Nintendo Switch too.
Al: There's a key that allows your Switch to play the game or to download the game and
Al: play it.
Al: Now your initial thought when you hear that is, "Oh, why not just buy the game digitally
Kevin: Wait wait
Al: then?"
Kevin: Wait, yeah, my first thought is wait. What? I
Al: And the answer is because, was that not, "Well, you're not aware of that's how it works."
Kevin: Like I assumed I
Kevin: As soon be maybe I just had paid sense, but I thought it was
Kevin: I should put this like because they show the animation of
Kevin: Taking out the game putting instantal and inserting into another one virtually or whatever, right?
Kevin: So like it's a
Kevin: I just basically thought be okay, let me back up another step digital games currently on the switch, right?
Kevin: If I have breath a while on my switch and
Kevin: I log into my account on Calvin's I can transfer that over
Kevin: But you know the few hoops I have to jump through I have to make Calvin's switch the my prime or like I have to make
Kevin: Is the primary console for my account and then I have to read download it there
Al: Well, it's changed and it's different how it works now. Yeah. So so so so before the switch before the switch to the way that it worked was you could
Kevin: Has it changed?
Kevin: Wait, it's shit
Kevin: Okay, I don't know anything just just tell me I'm gonna shut up now
Al: You could have primary switches and you can have secondary switches. You can only have one primary switch and you can have many secondary switches
Kevin: Right. Yeah.
Al: On your primary switch any user can play the games on that switch on the secondary switches only your account can play the games on those
Kevin: Okay, right.
Al: The changed it when the switch just before the switch to came out. They changed it
Al: so that
Al: you can have
Al: two primary switches
Al: But you have to explicitly say which games are on which switch?
Al: Okay
Al: And so you you can say I want this one to have this game and I want this one to have this game
Al: And then you can play those ones any user on those switches and offline you don't have to do the online check
Al: but you can only do it on that one unless you then say I want to switch.
Al: back over to that switch and both switches have to be like online and
Al: available and you do it. I think they have to be next to each other as well so
Al: you can say so I have two switches I've got this one this is gonna be the one
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: that I'm playing Pokemon on this is gonna be the one I'm playing Mario Kart on and
Al: then I'm like oh actually I want the Mario Kart on this switch instead you turn
Al: them both on you put them next to each other and you switch the cartridge over to
Kevin: cheese
Al: the other one but the other thing you can do now and this is actually why I
Al: I think is a better as you can land games.
Al: You don't have to have your account logged into Calvin's Switch anymore, you can be part of the same Nintendo Switch family, and you can say I want to give this to Calvin, and then for four two weeks, I'll get to that in a minute, it is no longer on your Switch, it is no one his Switch instead of your Switch, and he can play it as if he has it, has bought it.
Al: After the two weeks and then automatically comes back to your Switch, but you can then just click the button and lend it again.
Kevin: Okay. Yeah.
Al: It's just like you have to click the button every two weeks, sort of thing, which is a little bit annoying, but whatever, at least there's no like time limit to like you have to wait again before you click the button again.
Al: I'm pretty sure you can just click it straight away.
Al: So that's how they changed all that digital lending, and that's where we got like the virtual game cards, and it's all a bit weird, but I understand why they've done it, but it also gets a little bit confusing and like what is a virtual game card.
Al: It's just saying which Switch you're allowed to play the digital game on without connecting to the internet.
Kevin: Okay
Al: So it's better in some ways, it's worse in other ways.
Al: And this is the thing is like I don't like all these restrictions, but this is one of the things that we like have to get in this weird annoying capitalist society that we have where they put limitations on what you can do with things.
Al: I don't like it, but that's life and in terms of what exists.
Al: I think the digital version of that is probably the best we're going to get.
Kevin: okay like okay this is a lot of info I'm trying to process here and so all right let's you
Al: Yep, go for it.
Kevin: let's look at a case all right let's just pickopia right so that there is digital
Kevin: key uh was it cartridges or whatever these key cards or whatever right and then there's
Kevin: just outright digital version of the game right these are distinct things right okay
Al: Yeah. Correct. Yeah. Kind of, but yes. So the, well, okay, let me, let me, let me, let
Kevin: well I mean okay
Al: me explain a little bit more with that. So then let's just talk about POCOPIA. So you,
Al: there is no full physical version of the game, but essentially there is a physical version
Al: of the game, right? And I'll get to that in a minute. Well, I mean, so, well, this is the thing.
Kevin: digital vertical.
Al: What is a physical version of a game in a world where you get day one patches? I don't think
Kevin: Yeah, I know I know we're getting we're getting I know I know we're getting deep into the weeds
Al: There is such a thing as a physical thing.
Al: Anyways, I'm not sure if it's a physical game anymore. Anyways.
Kevin: Okay, let look let's let's try to make this clear for me. What is the date?
Kevin: Let's just say pakopia had both options the digital key card and the full digital download. What is the difference?
Al: Okay, so digital download you buy it digitally and you can then play it without like physically
Al: switching something in or out of your switch, right? That's how digital games work. That's
Al: the big advantage is you have all your games on your switch. You can just choose which one to play.
Al: The disadvantage of that is you can't sell it and it's harder to lend it, right? You can only
Al: landed digitally to people in your Nintendo Switch family.
Al: You can't sell it on, right? That's just that's just life.
Al: That's how digital works.
Kevin: - Yeah, yes, okay, yes.
Al: Full physical version, you just have the game, you plug it in,
Al: you then, if you plug it into a new Switch, you have to download updates and DLCs, etc., etc.,
Kevin: Yeah, sure sure sure sure
Al: but technically you have the game on the cartridge.
Al: I still don't get what the big deal about that is if you're going to have updates anyway,
Al: but let's leave that aside.
Al: The thing about the digital game keycard, sorry, not the game keycard, the thing about the game keycard is it's kind of half and half and it has
Kevin: Okay
Al: some of the disadvantages of both and some of the advantages of both. So
Al: I guess it doesn't actually have any of the advantages of digital games, but it does have some of the
Al: advantages and disadvantages of physical games. Well, I don't think it is fully the worst,
Kevin: the worst of both worlds.
Kevin: No, I'm kidding.
Al: This is a thing, right?
Kevin: I know, I'm kidding.
Kevin: I'm kidding.
Al: Because I think it's an important point because I think that this is the thing I understand why people when you hit it think it is just the worst of both worlds
Al: But I don't think it is yes, you have to plug the cart into your switch to play it, right?
Al: So how this works is when you've got like a normal cart you plug it in the game is there you can click play straight away
Al: Ignoring day one updates and DLC's right if you have the game key cart
Al: you plug it in and the game goes 'oh I need to download that game' so then you have the
Al: edge of digital and that you have multiple gigabytes downloaded on the internet. Fine!
Kevin: Yeah, well, that's a thing right cuz okay. I get the key card like clearly when talking about the lending thing
Kevin: It's clearly advantageous. I see it like it's the again
Al: - Yeah.
Kevin: It's the clear visual of hey, I'm letting you my cartridge so you can play my game right that's very clear to me and because you have my cartridge
Kevin: I can't play it on my game. I get that
Kevin: Okay, well, I I guess I'm trying to figure it out right
Kevin: Let's let's take that out of the equation right just on my own switch
Kevin: What's the difference between?
Kevin: The key card versus the full digital version.
Al: The only difference when if you buy a game key cart versus buying the digital version the only difference is the you
Al: And your day-to-day usage the only differences that you have to put the cart in the in the switch to play it
Al: Obviously, then there is that that is a disadvantage right?
Kevin: Okay.
Al: I totally get that but the advantage is then if you're ever going to sell it you can do that you cannot sell a
Al: a digital version of a game. You can sell a game
Kevin: right right yeah wait you can see how do you sell the key car like
Al: game which is why I find it a little bit weird that Nintendo has done this because they've just made it easier to sell digital games.
Al: You just, it's a physical card. You can only play the game if the cartridge is in your game in your console.
Kevin: Okay, wait, it's a physical car. I thought it was all digital. Oh my goodness
Al: So if you sell, no, the game key card, the game key, that's the thing.
Al: The game key card is a physical thing, but all it has on it, all it has on it is the right to play the game when it's plugged into the switch.
Kevin: What all
Kevin: Okay, that's baffling, but okay.
Al: So it is weird, right? And this is the thing.
Al: So the question then becomes why are, why do these exist?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And the reason these exist, why would you do this over putting the game on the cartridge is because it's cheaper?
Al: It's cheaper for publishers to do this. That's it. That's it. That's the reason, right?
Kevin: Sure, yeah, yeah, that's that's always boils down to that, right?
Al: And you can get annoyed at that. And it's fine to get annoyed at that.
Al: I don't think it changes anything practically, right?
Al: Like, this is what, so a couple of things.
Al: One, people are saying that Nintendo have broken a promise because they said they would never put Nintendo developed games on a game keycard.
Al: This is not Nintendo developed game. There you go, right? Like, they explicitly said Nintendo developed.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: This is not Nintendo developed. This is Nintendo published, right? You can complain about it all you want, but saying it's a broken promise is stupid because they never promised that.
Al: Okay, but.
Kevin: No.
Al: I think that in I understand why people are frustrated because it feels like over time over the last 20 years people have owned less owned and I'm being heavy air quotes there owned less and less they never owned any of it.
Al: They've owned less and less as you as become on it and it seems like publishers are making it more and more difficult to have and there's more DRMR did on a blah blah I get that I totally get that I really really really get that.
Al: However, I...
Al: Don't think for 99% of people, I don't think this changes anything practically at all.
Al: If you are buying physical games, the only reason, the only legitimate reason I can imagine for going I cannot have a game keycard compared to a physical card which is because you don't have the internet or you're not able to do big downloads on the internet.
Al: I get those 10 giga thing this game is, I get that, that's, that's, that's a fair.
Al: And that is a totally fair complaint, and I totally understand that.
Kevin: Wait. Wait. Is that all like always thing if I want to put the key card into what I have to be connected to the internet to play it or to start the game?
Al: Only to do the initial download
Kevin: Okay, so only only the first time. Okay.
Al: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah, you don't have to it
Kevin: Okay.
Al: It's like playing a digital game that's on your primary switch that you've got the
Kevin: Okay. Okay. That's I just want to make sure.
Al: The digital car on you don't have to be connected to internet. That's the whole point
Al: Right is this is the cart is the proof that you all you own the game and you can use it own if you will
Kevin: Okay.
Al: You never own any of these things. I hate the term but let's we're still gonna use that when I say own
Al: What we mean is you own the right to play the game. That's always been the case with games don't pretend otherwise
Al: And I'm not saying it's okay. I'm just saying it is what it is
Kevin: Okay, yeah, and okay, I'm welcome.
Al: Capitalism and lawyers always go to do their thing and that is what they've always done
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: so
Al: The game car key cartridge is the proof that you are the right person to be playing this copy of the game
Kevin: I'm getting sure.
Al: It's got a car a key on the cartridge hence game key card
Al: Is the so only the person with that physical cartridge plugged into the switch complete that game
Al: And so if you are someone who doesn't have internet or doesn't have good internet or doesn't have the ability to have big downloads on your internet
Al: I get that I get the complaint about that. I totally get that
Al: For every other person
Al: I do not understand people's complaints about this
Al: Other than it's a principle thing right like or I don't like it out of principle
Al: And fine sure but like the biggest way to buy games just now is on steam
Al: and that is
Al: The same thing right like if you if you complain about digital games just in general
Al: I I feel like you're living in a weird past world where
Al: You wish that you could still physically own games and have them all here and be able to play them without the internet
Al: But that's not a world we live in full stop, right?
Al: You, we live in a world now for better or for worse than I totally get the people would complain that it's for worse, but we live in a world now where you cannot play games without the internet realistically that you can.
Al: We got that issue with, you know, the Xbox one where they were like, oh, you're going to have to be online to play anything and they rolled that back thankfully because that is a stupid decision.
Al: But you're not going to get good at game experiences if you never have the internet because because you're just you're not going to get game.
Kevin: Well... (laughs)
Al: game day one patches, which are and I totally get the complaint about that, right? Like so many games are released unfinished and then they they have the last few months after they're like, you know, doing things to add to the update and then you have to have the update because they because and here's the thing actually game key cards technically, we'd actually help not to have day one patches and to actually have the very first version of the game have the good version of the game.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Because they don't have to rush out a version of the game for the cartridges. That's why we have day one patches. It's because they want to get it on the cartridge, but they still want to finish more of the game and it takes months to develop to like actually get the game key, the game cartridges printed when it's game key cartridges. It doesn't matter because the game isn't on the cartridges. I'm saying a lot of things and I'm not really sure what my point is other than I think most I think most people are complaining about this.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Despite the fact that it doesn't make any difference to their life at all, except you have to have more things. If you don't have a lot of storage and you have a lot of games and that's why you have cartridges because you don't want to have to store them on your switch. I will accept that that's a complaint, but if you're a bit, I mean, it's not just really cheap now. I mean, not on the not on the switch too as much because obviously the news, the new SD cards and that few
Kevin: Yeah
Al: was a little bit unnecessary, but most people's problem is not with these individual decisions is with capitalism, but they like to complain about the individual decisions rather than complaining about the system that emphasizes doing as little as possible for as much money as possible.
Kevin: Yeah, we have it. Still much better the Vida
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, it's
Kevin: Okay, as someone who is not like I prefer physical by and large be for many of the reasons you've listed like
Kevin: Not having the storage on the switch. I haven't gotten out and bought the terra white guesty car whatever, but anyways, there's reasons, but like
Kevin: Like I'm not invested in this keycard debate. It doesn't all like as you've seen I didn't even understand it. I probably still don't fully understand it
Kevin: But I will say
Al: Yeah, you would probably, you would probably buy one and go,
Al: oh, I have to download a big, a big update, all right.
Al: I'm gonna, like that's, that's what it's gonna seem like.
Kevin: Yeah, but like you yeah, yeah, but like you said like you said a lot of games do that now
Al: You plug in the cartridge and it has a big update.
Kevin: They had the day one patches, and you know, here's the secret what it
Al: Yeah, the PS5 and the Xbox require that
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, they're
Al: with every single game for the record.
Kevin: Yeah, and they're horrendous with it
Kevin: Um, and I like you but anyways, but it's not a crazy concept
Kevin: It's just the only thing to me is that now we've got this weird third half version of the game
Kevin: I mean, you know, it's not physical digital or has the weird
Kevin: mix of the match. It's just another like in the realm of
Kevin: this, I want to buy a game, pop the day and play it, you know,
Kevin: having all these other steps and versions, it's adding, it's
Kevin: it's noisy. That's what it is. And you know, that's, that's, I
Al: Yeah, I agree, that's fair.
Kevin: think that's a big issue or underlying issue for people on the
Kevin: maybe aren't expressing you well. But clearly, of course, there are
Kevin: stupid complaints like the people say our body is only
Kevin: but not the key cards that that's why but yeah but that that's pretty funny
Al: Yeah, yeah, I don't know whether that person was trolling or not, but that's that's so bizarre.
Al: I understand the like, I want the world where I can just buy a game off the shelf and immediately plug it into my switch and immediately play it.
Kevin: Yes, yes
Al: But I don't, I just don't think that exists even without game key cards.
Kevin: Well, well, here's I mean you yeah, but but but what are the game sucks after the day?
Al: Because because of the day one patches, right? Like that's still a thing that exists.
Al: You're, but the patch is still there, right? Like, you're still, you still have to download the update. And yeah, it's a smaller update than the full game.
Kevin: I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I know. I know. I know yet. I'm kidding
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, but okay
Kevin: I'll say you won your argument. I'll I don't know what the argument is, but you want it. I'm not
Al: You're probably the wrong person to have this argument with me because you don't seem to have
Al: a much of an opinion on it, right? I just like, I think I get the storage and the downloads
Kevin: No, I really okay
Kevin: Yes, look
Al: complete. I get that I totally get that. But other than that, I think that people are just
Kevin: I will I mean I will set like
Al: they're complaining with no real reason.
Kevin: my
Kevin: my thoughts like I thought
Kevin: Overall, I thought it was a good thing because the way...
Kevin: So I think cards are good for that, but there's still the physical bit of it, and I didn't understand that, so I don't know...
Al: Yeah, I think the I think I think the argument against that is like I don't think if game key cards didn't exist is
Al: Pokemon pokopia not going to have a physical edition. I doubt it. I think it would have a physical edition, right?
Al: I think I I don't think many games if game key cards didn't existed. I don't think many games would go digital only
Al: I think the games have most of the games that have game key cards with
Al: just released a physical version and they just have less profit and yeah that's I get that that sucks like that's that's we're not getting anything out of this we're not getting any cheaper games we're not getting any more out of this it's just that the companies are making more profit because they're choosing to use that thing.
Al: But equally I just think it's a big storm in a tiny teacup.
Kevin: Sure sure probably
Kevin: Well, see I say that can't you check in on March 5th when I have to buy the key card for Procopia, and then I'll know what I'm talking about kind of maybe
Al: And it's not a difficult concept.
Kevin: Then welcome back to this argument
Al: Just think of it as a if the physical version didn't actually end up having the game because the entire game is a day one path.
Kevin: Okay, man, you know, I might fit so fall out 76
Kevin: I don't know if this is still the case by at least when it launched the physical version of fall out 76
Kevin: Was the like cardboard actually like it was just a cardboard disc with the game, you know like a download code on it
Al: Yeah, yeah. Well, that's, that's the other thing as well. Like that was a reasonably common thing in
Al: this which lifetime where you would have, you would buy a physical thing and it would say
Al: this is just a key and you would open it up and it was just like a cord to download from the
Kevin: Yeah, especially for some of the smaller games that yeah
Al: eShop. Yeah, exactly. What does I think this is essentially replacing that? And I do, I do think
Al: this is better than that, like a million times better than that. I get the complaint that like some
Al: using game keycards instead of using, putting the game on the cartridge. But I think a lot of it is
Al: also people using game keycards instead of putting code in box and code in box is terrible.
Al: It's dreadful. It shouldn't, it shouldn't exist. The only reason it exists is because then,
Kevin: nope
Al: you know, grandparent can go into shop and go, oh, look, there's a game and buy it for their kid and
Kevin: Yep, that's great.
Al: then they give them it. And then they have this piece of plastic that doesn't have anything in it
Al: other than a piece of paper.
Kevin: Yep, yep.
Al: that's stupid. I mean, the only games I, I only buy games physically for two reasons
Al: now personally. One is because I don't think, I think I'm going to want to sell it, right?
Al: I'm not going to play it for a huge amount of time. I want to play it. I want to sell it.
Al: Which game key cards you can still do. And the second one is because I like it. The box
Al: it on my shelf. And that's just Pokemon games basically. Well listeners, if you want to
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, okay, you won the argument
Al: Tell me why I'm stupid.
Al: I'm wrong, then. Please do. I'm definitely going to put a rage-bitty title for this episode.
Kevin: and I'm oh that's that's a good one I like that the key card debate or
Kevin: something yeah yeah yeah here's why there you go I've just been looking at
Al: Game key cards are actually good
Al: Now I'll get the views up
Al: All right Kevin anything you want to share with the audience?
Kevin: the sock in a trailer in the mackerel.
Kevin: It's just trying to decipher. Go at soccer. What is this game I need to know? Whatever. You have Cooper Perez on whatever. Where ever go look me up. I haven't had time to make art. So whatever. Go to check it out. It's all like.
Al: You just want people to go buy a second.
Al: you can find the podcast on tumblr and on blue sky at ths pod you can also send us feedback
Al: if you want to tell me I'm stupid from our website harvestseason.club where you can also
Al: get links to everything to do with the podcast including our patreon patreon.com/thspod
Al: where you can access to our bonus episodes we just released an episode on what was it?
Al: Did I end up releasing my?
Al: I didn't end up releasing it because I forgot to edit it last week, so I will edit it this week.
Kevin: You said you were going to and see if you actually did.
Kevin: I know I know who's on it so I'm excited about that and I'll say
Al: It is... did I say what the episode was? It's an episode about the Avatar's the Last Airbender universe.
Kevin: Wait, what I didn't know that's what it was about
Al: Yeah, that's what we're talking about on the upcoming
Kevin: Wait, what what
Al: Greenhouse episode that will hopefully be out a few days after this episode.
Kevin: Oh, I wasn't listening to that. Oh, that's a good topic.
Al: Yeah, we talk about everything except the Netflix series that I've not seen.
Kevin: Wait, you talk about a night and he's the last year. Oh,
Al: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Al: We don't, we don't, I mean, I will say we don't talk a lot about it, but we do talk about it.
Kevin: that's good. I'm very excited. What's your favorite magic gathering card on?
Al: And all the upcoming stuff as well.
Al: Well, we did, okay, we didn't talk about the magic stuff.
Kevin: Oh, my God, but the time it's probably like releasing right now.
Al: Yeah, well, there we go.
Kevin: What? What bender would you be? Oh, okay. Okay, so all right, there's two things. One,
Al: I haven't actually looked at any of the cards. I probably should do that.
Al: But then the problem then is I want to buy them.
Kevin: the set looks good overall. The mechanics, again, you guess what fantasy ish, adjacent series
Kevin: with, you know, distinct tribes.
Kevin: But they also did this thing, I forget the name of it, but there's the series of cards,
Kevin: like the collector series or whatever.
Kevin: They're screenshots from the actual show.
Kevin: They did one for every episode, but they're horrible resolution, horrible, it's incredible.
Kevin: just a four-card screenshot from the anime, but it's bad.
Kevin: Oh, okay. I'm excited for that greenhouse again with the list of it. That's patreon.com/thspod if I'm correct, and they go listen to that so you can listen to this.
Al: correct. You've got longer to listen to wait than everyone else because it's nearly
Kevin: Yeah, but I'm going to listen to this avatar episode. I'm very, very interested.
Al: a week. All right. Well, I mean, yeah, yeah, he's good. He's good. All right. I think
Kevin: I guess so. I like King Boomi. He's my favorite.
Al: that's everything. Thank you, Kevin, for joining me.
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on. Thank you for listening for letting me rip your your drums with my tricks. It's ok enough.
Al: Thank you, listeners, for listening, and until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: Have a good harvest once I learn Japanese.
Theme Tune: The harvest season is created by Al McKinley, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Brutus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Al: And my headphones just died as I said that line.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, I'll get near me, but this is all we recorded. Yeah, baby. Oh,
Al: So I don't know if you're saying something.
Al: That's amazing.
Al: And literally, as I was saying the line before it, it said battery law.
Al: And then I said, have a good harvest and it turned off.
Al: So I'm now switching over to my speakers.
Kevin: Oh, I can hear all but you can't hear me. Oh, it's great. Okay, I'll leave it out. That's great
Kevin: Bye